well shit hey what's going on guys
Turkana here bringing you a more
in-depth tutorial on how to over the
shoulder I did a tutorial about three or
four months ago I don't know how long
but a lot still got so many comments
saying I don't know how to do it and I
had to explain to them what they were
doing wrong and I'm still getting tweets
today of people saying oh I just ill
can't do it so basically I think what
they're doing wrong is in the tutorial I
said to press Y on Xbox or triangle on
ps3 and then call in your killstreak
really fast and you'll get an animation
like this and they thought every single
time you did that it would over the
shoulder in killcam but that's not the
case you have to you have to do that
animation after you switch to your
sniper from like a pistol or something
and they go over the shoulder in kill
cam so if you have a penny time you get
that animation like all I'm doing is
pressing I'm switching weapons right now
and it's see how it's going over the
shoulder if you do the y+ killstreak or
triangle + kill streak in the kit if you
do it fast enough in the kill cam it
will over the shoulder so you can do it
with anything roll you can do with the
c4 cos c4 does the over the shoulder you
can just do c4 and then Y post kill
streak see 4y + kill streak but you
can't like with um shock charge it
cancels or something see how when I do a
softer chancel it comes out from the
side it's not gonna work if I do shock
charge then y + kill streak in the kill
cam because it's coming out from the
angle anytime your sniper does this you
can do it over the shoulder so even with
select-fire shots you can do it so you
just switch weapons and then y + kill
streak you have to make sure you do it
fast too because if you press Y and then
do it and you're you see your gun come
it over and then you press Y but he'll
trick it's not gonna work you have to do
it really fast before you see anything
like that
you
you can also do it with a claymore you
see how when you when it claim more
cancers it over the shoulders
you claim or cancel and then why in
killstreak
you can also do with a select-fire you
just select fire and before your gun
before your sniper comes out press Y and
kill streak and I also did show it in my
first tutorial that how to do it on
black ops 1 and it's the same thing
really but you just you have to have an
equipment and you press your equipment
and why after switching weapons or doing
over the shoulder motion so if you want
to go see that tutorial if you're still
confused by this just message me on xbox
and I'll personally help you because if
you're still confused I don't know what
to do but yeah anyways if you guys
enjoyed this please leave a like and
tell me if you have any questions peace
[Music]